Update CHANGELOG of `bitbucketserver.repositoryQuery` (#3365)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- The new `gitlab.projects` setting in [GitLab external service config](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/gitlab#configuration) allows you to select specific repositories to be synced.
- The new `bitbucketserver.exclude` setting in [Bitbucket Server external service config](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/bitbucketserver#configuration) allows you to exclude specific repositories matched by `bitbucketserver.repositoryQuery` and `bitbucketserver.repos` (so that they won't be synced).
- The new `bitbucketserver.repos` setting in [Bitbucket Server external service config](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/bitbucketserver#configuration) allows you to select specific repositories to be synced.

> - The new required `bitbucketserver.repositoryQuery` setting in [Bitbucket Server external service configuration](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/bitbucketserver#configuration) allows you to use Bitbucket API repository search queries to select repos to be synced. Existing configurations will be migrate to have it set to `["?visibility=public", "?visibility=private"]` which is equivalent to the previous behaviour without this setting.

Author: ```suggestion
- The new required `bitbucketserver.repositoryQuery` setting in [Bitbucket Server external service configuration](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/bitbucketserver#configuration) allows you to use Bitbucket API repository search queries to select repos to be synced. Existing configurations will be migrate to have it set to `["?visibility=public", "?visibility=private"]` which is equivalent to the previous implicit behaviour that this setting supersedes.
```
